Expert Business Analyst - Digital Innovation

Driven by integrity and united by the people-and-pet bond, we find strong purpose in the work we do and an even greater joy in those we get to work alongside. Together, we harness the expertise of our long-standing tradition of excellence to embrace possibility and continuously push to do what's never been done before in pet care. Discover your purpose and fuel your passions when you bring your love of pets to a team that prides itself on the power of togetherness—We are Proudly Connected. Purely Driven.

Position Summary

 

As an Expert Business Analyst for Digital Innovation, you will play a strategic role in driving digital transformation across various business units. With deep experience in business analysis and process improvement, you will partner with stakeholders across the organization to identify opportunities, develop solutions, and lead initiatives that align with Purina enterprise goals. You will bring a strong analytical mindset, cross-functional collaboration skills, and a proven ability to translate complex functional business needs into actionable digital or technical strategies for our development teams

Lead discovery sessions with business stakeholders to explore strategic objectives and operational pain points. 
Develop, present, and prioritize business cases for new digital capabilities, enhancements, and process improvements. 
Translate business needs into detailed functional and technical requirements for implementation. 
Conduct advanced data analysis to identify trends, inefficiencies, and opportunities for innovation. 
Manage the full lifecycle of AI solutions, from discovery, development, deployment, monitoring, and retirement. 
Consult in the areas of AI and Digital providing trusted guidance for Purina and other Nestle Teams with deep knowledge of AI capabilities and standards. 
Mentor junior analysts and contribute to the development of best practices within the analytics function. 
Manage stakeholder expectations and facilitate change management efforts during solution deployment.
Lead complex project with internal and external partners to advance digital solutions.
Organize and facilitate meetings, workshops, and other events that may require travel. 
Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in Business, Information Systems, Analytics, or a related field  
5+ years of experience in business analysis or acting as a liaison between technical and non-technical teams
3+ years of experience leading complex projects with cross-functional teams leveraging AI/Digital
3+ years of experience in data analytics leveraging tools such as SQL or Excel to deliver insights 
1+ year of experience working with commercial or consumer driven teams such as marketing, sales, or eCommerce 
 

The approximate pay range for this position is $108,000 - $140,000. Please note that the pay range provided is a good faith estimate for the position at the time of posting. Final compensation may vary based on factors including but not limited to knowledge, skills and abilities as well as geographic location.

Nestlé offers performance-based incentives and a competitive total rewards package, which includes a 401k with Company match, healthcare coverage and a broad range of other benefits. Incentives and/or benefit packages may vary depending on the position. Nestle in the US Benefits | Nestlé Careers (nestlejobs.com)


REQUISITION ID
382398

 

It is our business imperative to remain a very inclusive workplace.
 
To our veterans and separated service members, you're at the forefront of our minds as we recruit top talent to join Nestlé. The skills you've gained while serving our country, such as flexibility, agility, and leadership, are much like the skills that will make you successful in this role. In addition, with our commitment to an inclusive work environment, we recognize the exceptional engagement and innovation displayed by individuals with disabilities. Nestlé seeks such skilled and qualified individuals to share our mission where you’ll join a cohort of others who have chosen to call Nestlé home.
 

The Nestlé Companies are equal employment opportunity employers. All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Prior to the next step in the recruiting process, we welcome you to inform us confidentially if you may require any special accommodations in order to participate fully in our recruitment experience. Contact us at accommodations@nestle.com or please dial 711 and provide this number to the operator: 1-800-321-6467.

 

This position is not eligible for Visa Sponsorship. 

 

Review our applicant privacy notice before applying at https://www.nestlejobs.com/privacy.

 

Job Requisition: 382398 